We were able to get that payment modal to appear, but now we need an actual credit card to enter in
there to actually test out this entire flow.
Well, luckily, Stripe has our back in the Stripe documentation, which you can find at Stripe slash
testing.
We can scroll down on this page a little bit and they're going to list out some credit card numbers
right here that are always going to work for any given charge on a Stripe account while the Stripe account
is in the test mode.
And ours is definitely in the test mode right now.
So in other words, if we enter in a credit card number of four to 4 to 4 to any three digit CVC and
any future date, the charge will work as expected.
So let's try that out right now.
I'm going to once again recreate my order because it already has expired.
Well purchase and then pay with card.
By the way, when we click on pay with card, you might see a ton of airs pop up right here and even
a couple of warnings.
All these errors, all the warnings really, truly can be ignored.
We are not using Stripe in such a critical way that these errors or warnings are going to cause any
issue whatsoever.
So now inside this model, I'm going to put in four, two, four, two, four, two, four, two a future
date and then any three digit CVC.
I'll then click on pay $20 and we'll see a console.log right there.
This is our token object.
This is the thing that's going to allow us to charge a user's credit card.
The most important piece of information of this is the ID.
That ID right there is the real token.
We want to take that value and send it off to our payment API.
Our payment API can then do a follow up and charge the user's credit card for this amount of money.
That's pretty much it.
All we can do now is take that ID, make a post request and we are pretty much good to go.
All right, so let's take that ID in the next video.
Make sure we do that post.
You cost off to the payments API.
We also need to make sure that we handle the case in which a user pays for this thing before the order
expires.
So we're pretty close here to getting this entire flow wrapped up.
Just a couple more steps.